Arabella controls
come back time all above board
but good trip
great now get the tuna having
this fish hooked up amongst the
fleet is great if we can land
this fish and be the first one
landed it would be a good shot
in the arm financially
just take two
Vicki don't know I he just
turned yes I don't get out of us
intact because the lines get
twisted one person was probably
the fish were both so it's a
very dangerous very stressful
situation
let's go branding good brand
keep it up nice and smooth nice
and smooth
the pitch is running hard it's
going straight the TJ the wrong
way official standing directly
towards both terrified as well
so we're trying to move our fish
out of the way so the line so
cross good good little six
Little Britain
good job it's alright well clear
a good job Brandon got the fish
paddling on the surface right
now okay stop
ok bottom but
yeah
anyone yeah good job
it's great feeling with stoked
for coming in with the first
fishing season we caught in
front of the other guys and
fleet were just elated to be in
this position right now baby
don't you make out today we got
one for your first pitch of the
season are I what you got to
have 367 alright okay do it for
me on this come on Gibby $17
alright
hey appreciate that wanna make a
lot of money that's a lot of
fish and this is the first one
this is priming the pump